Question-1:
What is a wifeframe?
A wireframe is a way to design a website service at the structural level. 
A wireframe is commonly used to layout content and functionality on a page which takes into account user needs and user journeys. 
Wireframes are used early in the development process to establish the basic structure of a page before visual design and content is added.
Following are the steps to create a simple wireframe:
1. Identify the goal of the website.
2. Understand the user flow.
3. Determine your website wireframe size.
4. Begin your website wireframe design.
5. Determine conversion points. 
6. Reduce reduntant size.
7. Get feedback on the wireframe.


Question-2:
What is a markup?
A markup is a set of rules that defines how the layout and presentatiom of text and images should appear in a digital document. 
It allows structuring documents, adding formatting and specifying how different elements should be displayed or rendered on webpages.
This structuring helps search engines understand the information on websites better.
An example of a markup language is HTML(Hypertext Markup Language).
Some other Markup languages include:
XML(Extensible Markup Language).
SGML(Standard Generalized Markup Language).
XHTML(Extensible Hypertext Markup Language).


Question-3:
List of the best designed websites of 2023?
1. Kismet: This Los Angeles-Based restaurant keeps its website simple with just the information a potential customer needs, organized intuitively
across linked pages.

2. FullyRaw: It ia a lifestyle brand FullyRaw, selling online programs, retreats, a book, live speeking ,coaching and more. The website includes a
lot of information to accommodate so many facets of the business, but the home page is very well organized to quickly show you what the business has to offer.

3. Industrial Jewelry: London-based modern jewelry designer Hila Rawet Karni shares space with her industrial pieces through a clever home page design. 
Photos of the designer are layered beneath product images, so you see the artist revealed as you scroll through her jewelry. 
The site shows what you can do with a simple drag-and-drop editor such as Wix if you’ve got the creativity and expertise of a designer in your arsenal.

4. Girlboss: Girlboss builds community through content and monetizes through an online shop of “Girlboss approved” products from partner retailers and creators. 
This site, built on Shopify, facilitates the complexity of an online shop while managing to feel community-oriented.
The design puts content front and center, with graphics that incorporate original and stock photography with modern feminine design to showcase the brand’s personality.

5. Fat Choy: This vegan, “kind of Chinese” restaurant in New York City makes its vibe immediately clear when you land on its home page. 
It’s a straightforward Squarespace layout, but a custom-illustrated background and the combination of a bold, permanent-marker header font with a stripped-down Courier body font are easy ways to showcase the restaurant’s personality. 
A well-coordinated gallery of well-designed product images makes the design feel sophisticated—without requiring any coding.

Question-4:
What is the difference between scripting language and programming language?
A scripting language is a programming language that doesn’t require a compilation process. 
For instance, when we run a C program you may have to compile it and then run but when you run JavaScript, there is no need to compile it. 
So, we can say JavaScript is a form of scripting language. 
A scripting language supports scripts written exclusively for computer programs. 
Scripts help maintain a particular run time environment to automate the execution of specific functions.
Scripting languages are written in one format and translated within another program.
For example, JavaScript has to be incorporated with HTML and will be further interpreted by internet explorers. 
So, while programming languages can run independently, scripting languages run within programs. 
Scripting languages are designed specifically to make coding simpler and faster.
JavaScript, PHP, Python, Ruby, Rexx, etc., are some of the examples of scripting language. 

A programming language is a formal language that includes a set of commands that delivers specific results when fed into a system.
Programming languages are assembled into a more compact design. They don’t need to be translated by any other application or language.
Programming languages are used for full-fledged coding and software development. 
C++, C#, Java, Basic, Pascal, and COBOL are a few examples of programming languages.


Question-5:
What is ECMAScript? And it's latest version?
ECMAScript is a scripting-language specification that was developed by ECMA International in order to create a standardized JavaScript implementation across all web browsers.
It is widely used for client-side scripting in web browsers, and it is also used for server-side scripting with node.js. ECMAScript is the successor to JavaScript,
and it is backward-compatible with most JavaScript code.
One important difference between the two languages is that ECMAScript is more strictly defined than JavaScript. 
This means that ECMAScript code is more likely to run the same across different browsers, whereas JavaScript code may behave differently in different browsers.
Another difference is that ECMAScript has additional features that are not present in JavaScript, such as support for class-based programming.
It has many features that make it attractive to web developers, including:
Support for object-oriented programming.
Support for event-driven programming.
A rich set of built-in objects.
A standard library of functions.
Support for regular expressions.
Support for error handling.

ECMAScript 2021 (ES12) is the latest version of the specification which that is widely adopted by all modern web browsers.








